
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life. ~Dr. APJ Kalam


You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals. ~Booker T. Washington


Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. ~Lolly Daskal


I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~Thomas A. Edison


If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. ~Albert Einstein


Do one thing every day that scares you. ~Anonymous


If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. ~Anonymous


People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar


If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you! ~T. Harv Eker


Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. ~Wayne Dyer


You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. ~Margaret Thatcher

What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable. ~Anonymous


Do one thing every day that scares you. ~Anonymous


The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. ~Vidal Sassoon


Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. ~Anonymous


You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals. ~Booker T. Washington


Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. ~Theodore N. Vail


Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. ~Dale Carnegie


Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. ~Anonymous


A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. ~David Brinkley


The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them. ~Denis Watiley


A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them. ~Henry Kravis


I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. ~Diane Ackerman


Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. ~Maya Angelou


When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. ~Lolly Daskal


The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. ~Vidal Sassoon


You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals. ~Booker T. Washington


Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. ~Anonymous


Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. ~Mark Twain


No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. ~Eleanor Roosevelt


Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter. ~Francis Chan

